Now let's take a moment to overview what we learn in this extra section in this section.
We've discovered some real co-features and projects that we can make use of in our own projects.
We started off at Spring dev tools and we reload with Springdale tools and especially with the little
plug in on top of it you could really simplify your development workflow.
With a simple ID configuration and dependencies you can make any kind of change in your project and
see the results instantly without restarting your whole application.
Then we started documenting our API with swagger with swagger and a little bit of a configuration you
could have real great working API documentation where you can even make your request and Syria but
next we included spring actuator in our project and gain lots of great points for our application inherently
actual endpoints were to give useful insights and metrics to our production applications.
Down we scheduled our actions with spring scheduler so that we could have a separate thread for running
some background actions for our application.
We also got rid of some boilerplate code in our application we had project Lombok Lombok library we
could simply annotate our class and how good are setters constructors much more without even writing
a single line of code.
We also used Time Wave and springs e-mailing to regenerate and send them all five templates and e-mails.
That was also a great combination of what we learned with time leave and added mailing ability on top
of it.
With this extra section we did a great job of getting other libraries and projects that we can use within
our applications.
Those which make things tremendously easy for certain and even repetitive tasks that we have to do every
day we learned a lot and covered a lot.
I hope you enjoyed this extra section and highly encourage you to use them in your own projects to see
the difference they make.
To conclude and rough up our training I'll be seeing you in the next section.